What is going on here?
Tell us, Mr. Ross.
l need a workforce.
Only the best
for the slaves
of lsaac Whittier Ross.
Or are you
so wrapped up
in your games
that you forgot
that's what
we come here for?
David.
l'll take care
of them tomorrow.
(HULK ROARS)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
NARRATOR:  Dr: David Banner,
physician, scientist.
Searching for a way to tap
int0 the hidden strengths
that all humans have.
Then, an accidental overdose
0f gamma radiati0n
alters his b0dy chemistry.
And n0w, when David Banner
gr0ws angry 0r 0utraged,
a startling
metam0rph0sis 0ccurs.
(ROARS)
The creature is driven by rage
and pursued
by an investigative rep0rter.
Mr. McGee,
don't make me angry.
You wouldn't like me
when l'm angry.
The creature is wanted
f0r a murder he didn't c0mmit.
David Banner
is believed t0 be dead.
And he must let the w0rld
think that he is dead
until he can find a way
t0 c0ntr0l the raging spirit
that dwells within him.
(ROARS)
(CRASHlNG)
(GROANS)
Oh.
You all right?
Oh, yeah.
l'm all right.
Can you fix it?
l don't know.
l'll try.
Well, you really did it,
didn't you?
Yeah.
(GRUNTS)
Oh.
Well, that's fine.
That's really great.
Yeah.
You lost all
your water.
Yeah, it looks
like the, uh,
fan cut right through
your water hose.
You're gonna have
to get a new one.
(SlGHlNG) Oh. Well,
you know of any
parts stores around here?
Uh, no, not one.
Hmm.
How'd it happen?
Oh, just a dumb
prairie dog
sitting there, right there,
in the middle of the road.
l tried not to hit him,
look where it gets me.
lt's not even my car.
Maybe you ought to
sit down and rest
for a second.
Map says,
there's not a town
within 30 miles from here.
Well, you coming?
Hmm.
Name's David.
Oh.
(GROANlNG)
(SlGHS)
Name's Christy.
So, uh, what were you doing
walking out there
in the middle
of nowhere, anyway?
Well, my ride dropped
me off at the crossroads.
l just started walking.
And evidently,
l picked the wrong road.
(CLlCKlNG HlS TONGUE)
Hmm, yeah.
You and me both.
(SlGHS)
(CAR APPROACHlNG)
lt's about time.
l guess.
Hi. You folks look
like you could use
a ride somewhere.
Climb on up here.
Thank you.
Okay. You all set?
lSAAC: Yeah.
l think l can get
you that new hose
you're looking for.
l got all kinds
of stuff like that.
(lSAAC CHUCKLES)
Yeah, old lsaac can get it.
Don't you worry about it.
Now, that's just
an awful nice car
you got there, missy.
Too bad you had to
go and bust it up.
Yeah, but never
mind about that,
'cause old lsaac
gonna get you
a new hose,
and y'all gonna be back
on the road again in no time.
That's just great.
Uh, just how far
is this town of yours?
Well, missy,
if you keep
your eyes peeled,
l think you're
gonna see it just around
the next bend here.
(SlNGlNG) Tr0uble in mind
Am I blue
But I w0n't
be blue always
'Cause that ol' sun
g0nna shine 0n my
back d00r 0ne day
lSAAC: There we are.
CHRlSTY:
There isn't anybody here.
Yeah,
that's right, missy.
Nobody here
except ol' lsaac.
You mean you live
out here all alone?
Yeah, folks say
ol' lsaac's crazier
than a loon.
Yeah, but this
here is home to me.
My grandpa's land.
Yeah? Well,
l couldn't stand it.
Grew up in Houston.
Just give me
the city any day.
Well, it's not
for everybody,
but l likes it
like that.
Yeah.
Well, what
about the hose?
Oh, yes'm, yes'm.
l got it. Yeah.
Now, you wait here
by the truck,
and me and your
boyfriend, we'll go
and get it, okay?
He ain't my boyfriend.
Well, whatever, missy.
l got all the stuff
you need somewhere
around here.
Come on.
(MUTTERlNG)
Right in there.
Ouch.
Oh, my.
(GASPS)
Well, Studebaker, DeSoto.
You really have a mixed
bag of parts here,
don't you, lsaac?
Oh, yeah.
Ol' lsaac got
everything you need.
Everything you don't, too.
lSAAC: (SlNGlNG)
Tr0uble in mind
I'm feelin' l0nes0me
and blue
Can't sleep at
night f0r thinkin'
Over things that
I've g0ne thr0ugh
Tr0uble in mind
and I'm blue
But I w0n't be
l'm sorry we were
unable to find
the right hose,
but l didn't think
we had it anyway.
(CHUCKLlNG)
l'd also like
to apologize for
the bump on your head, David.
But don't you worry.
lt won't happen again,
because, uh,
l'm gonna take
very good care of you.
Very good care of you.
As it should be.
Only the best
for the slaves
of lsaac Whittier Ross.
A minor wound, David.
Uh-huh.
Mmm-hmm.
lt'll be sore
for a while.
This man can work.
Work?
What are you talking about?
You just hit him on the head.
Shut up.
Better do what he says.
The hell l will.
l'm getting out of here.
l don't think so, lady.
l don't think anybody
is getting out of here.
What do you want with us?
You gotta call
him Mr. Ross.
A name given my family
by a slave owner almost
200 years ago.
l like to keep it
as a reminder.
That's right.
You gotta call
him Mr. Ross.
Oh, man.
What is going on here?
Tell us, Mr. Ross.
Very simply.
l need a workforce.
The only problem is
l don't have
the cash to pay for one.
(LAUGHlNG) We're
not slaves.
Hey. An American tradition.
Now, according to my
grandfather's map,
we are sitting
on what is probably
the richest vein of
gold in this state,
and l intend to find it.
Why us... Mr. Ross?
Why not?
You were unlucky enough
to break down here.
Just like Marty
and Harry did
before you. Right, Marty?
Harry?
He was here
before you, man.
So, in return
for your labor,
l will provide you
with food and shelter.
l will take
care of you.
l don't need anybody
taking care of me,
thank you.
Forget it.
Nobody tells me
l'm a slave.
This is America.
Exactly, dear lady.
Put them to work.
Uh, Mr. Ross...
How long?
Well, it won't be
200 years, David.
Just until we've
found the gold.
Maybe a year,
maybe less,
if we're lucky.
All right,
you heard him,
sweat time.
You men get
yourself a couple
of picks.
Marty'll
show you where.
Don't you hear well?
Honey,
you can load.
Just pick up
the chunks of
rock they bring out
and put in that cart.
Put 'em in there
yourself, shrimp.
l'm not in the mood.
Oh.
Now, you looky
here, honey.
We better come
to an understanding
right quick,
or l could make it
real ugly for you
down here.
You know what
l'm saying?
The only thing
ugly down here
is you.
l can grow on you, honey.
(CHRlSTY GRUMBLES)
''Slave.''
David Becker.
Marty Gibbs.
Uh, hang on a second,
l wanna ask you something.
Gotta work...
No, no, wait. Please.
Roy won't like it.
l just want to
ask you something.
Gotta work.
We put in our time,
Mr. Ross is
gonna let us go.
Now, don't bet on that.
Who are these people?
l don't ask questions.
Mr. Ross don't like it.
Well, l don't
like it either.
Look,
when l was sitting
next to that shaft,
the one that's
boarded up,
l could feel a breeze
coming through it.
ls that any possible
means of escape?
Harry tried.
Forget it.
But what happened to him?
He...
Harry.
What happened
to Harry?
Harry was my brother.
He was five years
older than me.
We had a truck.
Eighteen wheeler.
Broke down,
just like you.
Harry was always
trying to figure a way
for us to get out of here.
That passageway
you was talking about?
Yeah?
Well,
it wasn't boarded
up before.
Harry, he... He tried
to crawl through it.
He fell down
a vent and died.
Aw, look, man.
We're all gonna be dead
before we find any gold.
Just like Harry.
You better eat something.
l wouldn't feed
this stuff to a dog.
Well, you're not
helping yourself any.
lf you really
wanna get out of here,
you have to keep
up your strength.
l don't plan on
staying here long
enough to starve.
Remember l told you
that wasn't my car?
Well, it belongs to
this guy in LA,
a real big shot in
the record business.
Mmm-hmm:
lf l told you
his name, you'd just die.
Well, see,
l met him when
l was looking for a job,
and one thing just
kind of led to another,
till l found
myself in Vegas
about to get married.
Everything was going
real fine until, uh,
the other night the phone
rang in the hotel
and it was his wife calling.
Oh.
Mmm-hmm.
So l took
his wheels and split.
And l got
a funny feeling
he's gonna want them back.
Yeah.
Well, one way or another,
we're gonna get out of here.
And that Mr. Ross
is gonna be in
a lot of trouble.
Just as soon as
Jack finds his car.
Mmm-hmm.
Roy took care
of that hours ago.
Now, is there
anything else l can do
These, uh,
clothes may not fit you
exactly like your own,
but, uh, l assure you
that you're gonna find
them functional.
Real functional.
Somebody's gonna find us.
You can't just
hide a whole town.
No, no.
But l can hide you
in the mine.
Out of sight, out of sound.
And me?
Well, me, l'm just
poor ol' lsaac, here.
Just tetched in
the head, huh?
(LAUGHlNG)
Mmm-hmm.
Well, go ahead, eat.
l used to be
a pretty fair cook.
That's right. 200 men,
three times a day.
(CHUCKLlNG)
You better get
used to it, dear lady.
She'll learn.
They all will.
(CHUCKLlNG)
Gold, gold.
We've found the vein!
Gold, Roy!
Gold!
The gold, Roy,
the gold!
(LAUGHlNG)
Gold!
Gold, gold!
ROY: Gold, gold!
lt's gold, it's gold!
(PlANO PLAYlNG)
What's the matter
with you all?
l've seen happier folks
at funerals.
And they'd be
the dead ones.
Hey, honey.
Hey, you're looking
at a rich man.
Don't l look a little
better to you now?
(DOOR OPENS)
Christy.
l want you to eat.
Look, l made you
something special,
hmm?
Good. Very good.
Hey.
Hey, l...
l brought
you a few things.
l thought you
might like 'em.
You can... You can
fix yourself up.
Hmm?
l'm going back
to the mine.
lsaac, have
a good time.
What happens to us now?
Who cares?
Aw, ain't
that touching?
Aw.
Yeah. Hey!
Let's liven
things up a little.
Have a party.
Come on.
Let's dance, baby.
Dance.
Roy, let her go.
You two guys shut
up and sit down.
l'm gonna
tell Mr. Ross.
He wouldn't like this.
Sit down.
Roy...
Oh, you guys are
troublemakers.
Wanna act like
tough guys, huh?
All right.
lf that's what you want,
it's all right with me.
We'll see how
tough you guys are.
Get up there
on that stage.
Come on.
Get up on the stage.
And you two fight.
Come on!
Roy, take it easy.
Oh, l'll take it easy.
You don't know
what you're doing.
l ain't gonna fight.
Mr. Ross wouldn't like this.
Oh, the hell with him.
Harry would have.
No.
Oh, yes,
Harry would have.
No.
He wasn't no sniveling,
bootlicking geek like you.
No!
Harry, are you sure
he was your brother?
No!
Harry was
a real man.
No!
Marty, no.
Hey, Harry!
Hey, all right!
Take him out!
Marty, don't do this.
ROY: Come on,
let's have it!
Harry!
Fight, fight!
Harry, Harry, Harry!
All right,
take him out!
Marty, Marty...
Oh, hey, hey!
(HULK GROWLS)
(GROWLlNG)
MARTY: Let's get out
of here.
(GRUNTS)
Far enough.
There's no underground
railroad here, my friends.
Eh, looks like
the overseer needs
an overseer.
Did you see it,
that green thing?
Now, be quiet.
l will not tolerate
drunkenness around here,
you hear?
Now, you take them
back to the mine.
This green thing
destroyed the whole saloon.
Ripped everything apart.
Take them
back to the mine.
And where's
David? Huh?
He must have got away.
l'll find him.
Why didn't you
say something?
You saw it, too.
The only thing
l saw was you,
running like
a bat out of hell.
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
Let's go, David.
Let's go. Now.
lSAAC:
l don't understand this.
Why?
Why would you try
to get away?
l take care of you,
l feed you.
This is nothing
but a game to you,
Mr. Ross.
What are you talking about?
This isn't a game.
Oh, excuse me.
l'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
You're not a slave owner.
And Roy here
is not an overseer.
l ain't nobody's
overseer.
Yeah, you already
proved that.
Look here, l was born
in a society that gave me
the illusion of freedom.
But l'm still black,
still in chains,
just as sure as
my grandfather was.
lsn't that right, Marty?
Yeah, right.
You didn't say,
''Mr. Ross.''
Back in prison,
we used to call him ''boy.''
You're pushing
your luck, Darnell.
Really pushing it.
That ought to hold you.
Marty, hand me
that pick.
What are you doing?
Getting out of here.
So am l.
Well, Harry would
have tried, too.
(GUlTAR PLAYlNG)
l want to talk to you.
What about?
What we're here for.
The gold.
Come on, man,
we found it.
Let's make a deal
with the mining company.
Bring in
the heavy equipment.
No, we'll go on
like we have.
What?
Two men with pickaxes
and a girl?
lt's the safest way.
Do you know how long
it would take them
to mine out that vein?
You gotta be kidding.
We had a deal, Ross.
Once we made the strike,
l'd go to a mining company
for credit,
for heavy-duty drills
and some workers.
We will get more workers
the same way we got these.
lt's dangerous
to bring in outsiders now.
What's the matter
with you?
You know,
that Becker guy's right.
All you want to do
is to play your games.
Come on.
Spit it out, Roy.
You like being ''massa''
to a bunch of slaves.
lt makes you feel
real good.
That's what it's
all about, right?
Just like in prison,
when you was the big man.
All those boys
looking up to you.
For the first time
in your life,
all that book learning...
l am what l am, Roy,
and so are you.
Yeah?
lf it wasn't for me,
you'd still be rotting away
on that Louisiana chain gang,
and that makes us
partners.
So l say
we do things right.
l didn't bust you
out of there for nothing!
All right.
So what do you plan to do
with those three then, huh?
l'll take care
of them tomorrow.
l've got something
specially planned.
No.
You getting squeamish?
Seems to me
that's how you got life,
killing someone.
That guard was
out to kill me.
There's a difference.
He's still dead.
And what about Harry?
When he took that flyer,
you went nuts.
You can't take it, lsaac.
You want to play this game,
man, you need it.
Harry was a valuable man.
Mmm-hmm.
But he tried to escape.
He put himself in that hole.
l respect that.
l can understand that.
You wouldn't.
All l respect is that gold.
And l want it
just as fast as
l can get it,
and that's where
it's at, man!
Or are you so wrapped up
in your games
that you forgot that's
what we come here for!
Now, you will do exactly
as l say,
and you will not
question it.
We will go on as before.
You forget, lsaac,
l own the land now.
You're just
an escaped con.
We deeded the land to me.
l quit my job, remember?
You own the land in name
because l'm a convict.
But don't you go
getting the idea that
you can run
this thing yourself,
because you can't.
Why not?
Because without me
telling you what to do
every minute of the day,
you'd screw up everything,
just like today.
You are nothing.
Remember that.
Nothing without me.
Now, you get out of
my face, boy!
(GRUNTlNG)
Once again. Ready?
All right.
Go!
Someone's coming.
...thinking he can make
a fool out of me.
What's going on here?
Why ain't you sleeping?
You folks think
you're pretty smart,
don't you, huh?
About as smart as Harry.
Back in prison,
we knew how to take care of
smart alecks like you.
Didn't take no guff
from anybody.
Not when l was a guard,
l didn't.
No, they jumped
when l snapped.
Even ol' lsaac shuffled.
Thinks he's a big man now,
a real big man.
Yeah, he wasn't so big
when he needed me
to bust him loose.
Couldn't have done
it without me.
lsaac giving you
a rough time?
Yeah, yeah... But that...
That's all gonna change.
l...
l got me some plans.
What kind of plans,
Mr. Darnell?
(MOCK LAUGHTER)
Come tomorrow,
this whole place
is gonna be
one big rock pile.
Well, what about
the gold?
Oh, it'll still be here.
We'll just bring in
some heavy equipment
and get it out.
And what happens to us?
Why... Why, honey.
You're gonna stay
right here.
(ROY LAUGHlNG)
MARTY: Come on,
give it to me!
DAVlD: Roy has
dynamite, lsaac.
(LAUGHlNG)
You know, l used to
lay in my bunk at night
in prison just thinking,
just wondering
what it was gonna be
like when l found this.
The freedom
it was gonna give me...
No, lsaac, that's not
freedom. That's another
kind of slavery.
No. No, this gold means
being able to have
the choice to live
my own life
the way l want to.
That's very good for you.
We don't have that choice.
And if you don't stop him,
you won't have any either.
lSAAC: Ah, you shouldn't
believe everything Roy says.
He's all mouth.
Oh, hiya, lsaac.
Oh, l mean, uh,
Mr. lsaac.
lSAAC: You're late.
Oh, well, excuse me,
but l was up
kind of late last night
with your slaves here.
Seems like they were
getting a bit uppity.
Tried to
bust out again.
But don't you
worry your shiny
little head none.
'Cause l fixed things.
Oh, yeah,
l fixed 'em real good.
You get out of here.
You're in no condition
to work.
Oh, l don't work.
l's the overseer.
You get up to your room.
Sleep it off.
There you go, telling me
what to do again.
l don't got to take this.
No, why should you?
After all,
you're partners,
you're equal.
That's enough
out of you, David.
Now, you do as l say.
You get up to your room
and sleep it off.
You're no good drunk.
You're not
much better sober.
Yeah, l'll sleep it off,
all right.
We'll all sleep it off.
Sweet dreams.
(ROY LAUGHlNG)
So you're sure
he's not making
a fool of you, hmm?
l told you not to
worry about it.
We used all the dynamite
when we opened up
this shaft, here.
lSAAC: Now,
don't mess with me.
l'm worried.
He said he was gonna
blow us all up.
Roy is a drinker, Marty.
He talks a lot.
Look, it won't hurt
to just check it out.
We're gonna be here anyway.
l think you should go,
Mr. Ross.
Roy's a coward.
He'll always do as l say.
You're sure you
can believe that?
lf you're right...
Well, then the game
is over.
All right, come on.
We have no time to waste.
Hey!
No, no!
(LAUGHlNG)
What's wrong,
Mr. Ross?
ROY: Come and get it.
(ROY LAUGHlNG)
ROY: Go get it, lsaac.
ROY: Come on.
Put that down.
lSAAC: Stop it! Stop it!
Catch!
Come on,
give me a hand!
This whole thing's
gonna go. We gotta
get out of here!
Now! Come on!
David!
Look, he's dead.
They're both dead.
David! David!
David?
(SCREAMS)
Let's go. Come on.
(GROWLS)
(HULK ROARS)
(ROARS)
(ROY GROANS)
That ought to do it.
We'll take 'em to
the Sheriff's station.
(SlGHS)
Maybe he just took off,
you know?
No, see, David
wouldn't do that.
He'd stay and help us,
like he stayed in the mine.
And that's why
he's dead.
Come on.
lf it wasn't for you
and your games,
we wouldn't be
in this fix.
We'd be rich.
lnstead, we're
going to prison.
Well, the price of arrogance.
(SlGHlNG)
Feels good to be
in a truck again.
Guess l ought to start
looking for a new partner.
What about you?
l'm going home.
Yeah.
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-